#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via mkdocs-material
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
idna==3.4
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
markdown==3.3.7
    # via
    #   markdown-callouts
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-code-validator
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-callouts==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-code-validator
    #   mkdocs-literate-nav
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-redirects
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocs-simple-hooks
mkdocs-code-validator==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-literate-nav==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocs-redirects==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-section-index==0.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-simple-hooks==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via mkdocs
pygments==2.15.1
    # via mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==10.0.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-code-validator
    #   mkdocs-material
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via ghp-import
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
regex==2023.5.5
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via mkdocs-material
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via requests
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
